good morning it's october
6 2020 and it's a tuesday
here in l.a hot pink clouds
with some blue
about half a moon hanging in the sky
very still right now 64 degrees
fahrenheit
around 18 celsius
today i'm thinking about the great
clark middleton who passed away
i believe on sunday clark
played charlie in this last season of
twin peaks
opposite cheryl and fenn
and clark did such a great job
and i loved working with him i feel for
his family and
friends he was such a good guy
should be going up to around 90
degrees fahrenheit this afternoon
maybe around 32 degrees
celsius and we are probably going to
have a few clouds
along with those beautiful blue skies
and golden sunshine
everyone have a great day